ndarray,n dimensional array
ind,index
int,integer
ints,integers
int32,integer 32
int32s,integers 32
int64,integer 64
int64s,integers 64
float16,float 16
float16s,floats 16
csingl,c single
cdouble,c double
clongdouble,c long double
uint,unsigned integer
uints,unsigned integers
uint8,unsigned integer 8
uint8s,unsigned integers 8
bool,boolean
bools,booleans
obj,object
objs,objects
str,string
strs,strings
flex,flexible
tups,tuples
num,number
nums,numbers
np,numpy
col,columb
cols,columbs
dtype,data type
dtypes,data types
char,character
chars,characters
subtype,sub type
hasobject,has object
isbuiltin,is built in
isnative,is native
align,alignment
aligns,alignments
desc,description
descs,descriptions
metadata,meta data
newbyteorder,new byte order
setstate,set state
getitem,get item
out,output
outs,outputs
imag,imaginary
itemsize,item size
nbytes,number of bytes
ndim,number of dimensions
ctypes,c types
arg,argument
args,arguments
max,maximum
argmax,argument maximum
min,minimum
argmin,argument minimum
argpartition,argument partition
argsort,argument sort
astype,as type
byteswap,byte swap
conj,conjugate
prod,product
cumprod,cumulative product
cumsum,cumulative sum
diag,diagonal
getfield,get field
itemset,item set
avg,average
avgs,averages
newbyteorder,new byte order
searchsorted,search sorted
setfield,set field
setflags,set flags
std,standard deviation
tofile,to file
swapaxes,swap axes
tostring,to string
tolist,to list
trans,transpose
var,variable
keepdims,keep dimensions
subok,sub ok
tok,token
toks,tokens
subtok,sub token
subtoks,sub tokens
arr,array
arrs,arrays
inplace,in place
kwargs,keyword arguments
kwarg,keyword argument
cond,condition
lib,library
libs,libraries